README.md, before:

# API Authenticated Based On Packet Sent

The main motivation for creating this package is to have a lot more flexibility and security for API based communication. I have used JWT in the past and found it to be scarily easy to hack!

I have followed the principles outlined and implemented at Twitter.

## Quick Start

### Setup

Run composer command

	$ composer require linkthrow/hmac-packet-auth

In your `config/app.php` add `'LinkThrow\HmacPacketAuth\Provider\HmacPacketAuthServiceProvider'` to the end of the `$providers` array

    'providers' => array(

        'Illuminate\Foundation\Providers\ArtisanServiceProvider',
        'Illuminate\Auth\AuthServiceProvider',
        ...
        'LinkThrow\HmacPacketAuth\Provider\HmacPacketAuthServiceProvider',

    ),

Run the `artisan` command below to publish the configuration file

	$ php artisan vendor:publish

Add the following properties to your .env file

    HMAC_AUTH_LOCAL=true
    HMAC_AUTH_RATE_ON=true
    HMAC_AUTH_RATE_TIME=60
    HMAC_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_NUMBER=60

Run the `migrate` command below to add the database tables required

	$ php artisan migrate

Add 'auth.hmac' to any routes you want to protect!!!

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **Hussan Choudhry**

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

update readme with more information

README.md, after:

# API Authenticated Based On Packet Sent

The main motivation for creating this package is to have a lot more flexibility and security for API based communication. I have used JWT in the past and found it to be scarily easy to hack!

I have followed the principles outlined and implemented at Twitter.

## How it works

Client sends a request to the API with a series of headers. A HMAC SHA512 is generated based on these along with request data therefore it eliminates man in the middle attacks, replay attacks and injections.

A user is identified via an access token (which expires) or an api key.

The headers are:

    'key' or 'access-token'
    'url'
    'timestamp'
    'client-nonce' (randomly generated string on the client side to prevent replay attacks as the nonce is stored against an api log on the database)
    'hash' (generated with all the headers and request data as a json array)
    'token' (not used to generate hash obviously)

## Quick Start

### Setup

Run composer command

	$ composer require linkthrow/hmac-packet-auth

In your `config/app.php` add `'LinkThrow\HmacPacketAuth\Provider\HmacPacketAuthServiceProvider'` to the end of the `$providers` array

    'providers' => array(

        'Illuminate\Foundation\Providers\ArtisanServiceProvider',
        'Illuminate\Auth\AuthServiceProvider',
        ...
        'LinkThrow\HmacPacketAuth\Provider\HmacPacketAuthServiceProvider',

    ),

Run the `artisan` command below to publish the configuration file

	$ php artisan vendor:publish

Add the following properties to your .env file

    HMAC_AUTH_LOCAL=true
    HMAC_AUTH_RATE_ON=true
    HMAC_AUTH_RATE_TIME=60
    HMAC_AUTH_RATE_LIMIT_NUMBER=60

Run the `migrate` command below to add the database tables required

	$ php artisan migrate

Add 'auth.hmac' to any routes you want to protect!!!

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

* **Hussan Choudhry**

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
